OADP-2872 additional (#67857)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-installing-oadp-rosa-sts.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Restic and Kopia are not supported in the OADP on ROSA with AWS STS environment. Make sure that the Restic service is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restic and Kopia are not supported in the OADP on ROSA with AWS STS environment. Make sure that the Restic/Kopia Node Agent is disabled.
```
